Hello everyone!
If you have seen our episodes
I already know how to give the cannon a shot and who is shooting the target.
However, we want everyone to learn better skills.
So we decided to make a series of videos.
Introduce the gameplay in more detail
Today's theme is armor penetration
When an enemy chariot appears in the sight
You have to decide where to shoot
You need to consider this...
Shell type and armor penetration
And the armor thickness and angle of the enemy vehicle
You don't have to write down all the data of the chariot
Dynamic systems automatically display those...
Hard to penetrate, this is very helpful in battle
This system is very simple
If the armor is shown in red
It means that it cannot penetrate
Even if you aim at those tiny weak parts, you can’t penetrate.
The front armor protection of many chariots is very sophisticated
The turret armor is usually thicker than the body armor.
So you need to wrap around the side or back of the enemy chariot
Use "automatic aiming" to follow the aiming position
And hit the target very easily
If you like to manually adjust the aiming direction
You can turn off the Auto Aiming feature in the Settings menu.
There are four types of shells: armor-piercing projectiles (AP)
Anti-war vehicle high explosive bomb (HEAT)
Hard core armor-piercing projectile (APCR) and high explosive projectile (HE)
Armor-piercing bullets have general...
Armor penetration and damage
Anti-war vehicle high explosive bomb
And hard core armor
The damage caused is the same as the armor-piercing projectile.
But their armor penetration is better
High explosives cause the highest damage
But the armor penetration is very low
Therefore, it is usually exploded outside the chariot
Can only play a small part of the potential damage
Let's take a closer look at the situation after shooting.
When a shell hits an enemy chariot, it begins to calculate
If the value of penetration
Greater than the shell at a specific angle
The value of the thickness of the armor
Then the shell will penetrate the armor and cause damage to the tank.
And will fly into the car
And cause damage to the various components of the chariot
If the armor is too thick, it will not penetrate.
In this case, armor-piercing and anti-combat high-explosive bombs
And hard core armor-piercing bullets will disappear
High-explosive bombs will explode on armor
It is still possible to cause damage to the chariot and its components.
But the damage is lower at this time.
Sometimes, shells may hit armor at very flat angles.
At this point, there will be a jump
And may hit other parts of the same chariot
Then the armor penetration will be calculated again in the usual way.
After the second jump, the shell disappeared.
Cannonballs cannot hit other chariots after jumping
Can't penetrate multiple chariots at once
High-explosive bombs will not jump at all
So much now
In the next few episodes, we will tell you something interesting...
Important game features
Please leave your comments in the forum
And comments, goodbye!